1. Inside `_preprocess`, `args` is an empty list and `expr` is "x**2".
2. Since `args` is an empty list, the for loop will not execute.
3. `expr` is passed to `sympify`, which converts the string "x**2" into a sympy expression.
4. The function returns `([], sympify("x**2"))`.
[/THOUGHT]

[OUTPUT]
```
{
    "args": [],
    "expr": "x**2"
}
```
[/OUTPUT]

[PYTHON]
from sympy.core.sympify import sympify
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.lambdarepr import NumPyPrinter as Printer
from sympy.printing.pycode import PythonCodePrinter as Printer
from sympy.print