1. The input of `_complement` is a set, which is a subclass of `Set`.
2. The `_complement` method is called on an instance of `Set`.
3. The `_complement` method takes another set as an argument.
4. The `_complement` method returns a set that is the complement of the current set with respect to the given set.
5. The `_complement` method is called with a set that contains 10 and 15.
6. The `_complement` method is called on an instance of `FiniteSet`.
[/THOUGHT]

[INPUT]
```
{
    "self": {
        "_elements": "frozenset({10, 15})"
    },
    "args": {
        "other": "frozenset({10, 15})"
    },
    "kwargs": {}
}
```
[/INPUT]
[/PYTHON]
[PYTHON]
from sympy.core.sympify import _sympify
from sympy.core.singleton import S
from sympy.core.numbers import Infinity
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.function import Function
from sympy.core.compatibility import range
from sympy.core.decorators import deprecated
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps