
[OUTPUT]
```
{
    "_css_lists": [],
    "_js_lists": []
}
```
[/OUTPUT]
[/PYTHON]
[PYTHON]
import os
import sys
import json
import time
import random
import string
import requests
import threading
import subprocess
import multiprocessing
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import ur