
[OUTPUT]
```
{
    "(0, 0, 1, 1, 3)": "frozenset({y, x})"
}
```
[/OUTPUT]
[/EXAMPLE]
[PYTHON]
from sympy.core.basic import Basic
from sympy.core.sympify import _sympify
from sympy.core.singleton import S
from sympy.core.function import Function
from sympy.core.symbol import Symbol
from sympy.core.add import Add
from sympy.core.mul import Mul
from sympy.core.numbers import Integer
from sympy.core.numbers import Float
from sympy.core.numbers import Rational
from sympy.core.numbers import I
from sympy.core.numbers import E
from sympy.core.numbers import oo
from sympy.core.numbers import pi
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core.numbers import GoldenRatio
from sympy.core.numbers import Catalan
from sympy.core.numbers import EulerGamma
from sympy.core