
[OUTPUT]
```
{
    "_elements": "frozenset({10, 15})"
}
```
[/OUTPUT]
[/EXAMPLE]
[PYTHON]
from sympy.core.sympify import _sympify
from sympy.core.numbers import Infinity
from sympy.core.singleton import S
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import threaded
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import conserve_mpmath_dps_defaults
from sympy.core.decorators import deprecated
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy.core.decorators import xthreaded
from sympy.core.decorators import wraps
from sympy