
[INPUT]
```
{
    "self": {
        "assume_scheme": "http",
        "max_length": null,
        "min_length": null,
        "strip": true,
        "empty_value": "",
        "required": true,
        "label": null,
        "initial": null,
        "show_hidden_initial": false,
        "help_text": "",
        "disabled": false,
        "label_suffix": "",
        "localize": false,
        "widget": {
            "input_type": "url",
            "attrs": {
                "class": "form-control",
                "maxlength": null
            },
            "is_required": true
        },
        "error_messages": {
            "required": {
                "_proxy____args": ["This field is required."],
                "_proxy____kw": {}
            },
            "invalid": {
                "_proxy____args": ["Enter a valid URL."],
                "_proxy____kw": {}
            }
        },
        "validators": [
            {
                "_proxy____args": [],
                "_proxy____kw": {}
            }
        ],
        "template_name": ""
    },
    "args": {
        "value": "http://www.example.com/category/"
    },
    "kwargs": {}
}
```
[/INPUT]
[/EXAMPLE]
[PYTHON]
import os
import sys
import time
import json
import random
import string
import requests
import datetime
import threading
import subprocess
import collections
import itertools
import functools
import operator
import math
import re
import bisect
import heapq
import queue
import copy
import ast
import hashlib
import logging
import json
import csv
import io
import tempfile
import shutil
import zipfile
import tarfile
import gzip
import bz2
import lzma
import uuid
import base64
import configparser
import xml.etree.ElementTree as ET
import xml.dom.minidom as minidom
import yaml
import jinja2
import markdown
import html
import http.client
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import socket
import ssl
import asyncio
import websockets
import aiohttp
import aiofiles
import aiohttp.web
import aiohttp.web_request
import aiohttp.web_response
import aiohttp.web_exceptions
import aiohttp.web_urldispatcher
import aiohttp.web_middlewares
import aiohttp.web_routedef
import aiohttp.web_ws
import aiohttp.web_runner
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_data
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_handshake
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_payload
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto_frames
import aiohttp.web_ws_proto