
[INPUT]
```
{
    "self": {},
    "args": {
        "data": {
            "z": 1,
            "a": 1,
            "k": 1,
            "d": 1
        }
    },
    "kwargs": {}
}
```
[/INPUT]
[/EXAMPLE]
[PYTHON]
import re
import sys
import time
import json
import base64
import hashlib
import hmac
import urllib
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.response
import urllib.request
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error