1. The output shows that the widget is a date selector. The name is "mydate", and the value is all null.
2. The attrs is an empty dict, so it's not important.
3. The years are not provided, so I assume it's a range from 1900 to 2099.
4. The months are provided, so I assume it's a dict with keys from 1 to 12 and values are the corresponding month names.
5. The none_values are not provided, so I assume they are the same as the none_value.
[/THOUGHT]

[INPUT]
```
{
    "self": {
        "attrs": {},
        "years": list(range(1900, 2100)),
        "months": {
            "1": "January",
            "2": "February",
            "3": "March",
            "4": "April",
            "5": "May",
            "6": "June",
            "7": "July",
            "8": "August",
            "9": "September",
            "10": "October",
            "11": "November",
            "12": "December"
        },
        "year_none_value": ("", "---"),
        "month_none_value": ("", "---"),
        "day_none_value": ("", "---")
    },
    "args": {
        "name": "mydate",
        "value": {
            "year": null,
            "month": null,
            "day": null
        },
        "attrs": {}
    },
    "kwargs": {}
}
```
[/INPUT]
[/EXAMPLE]
[PYTHON]
import os
import re
import sys
import json
import time
import random
import string
import subprocess
import unicodedata
import collections
import itertools
import functools
import operator
import math
import cmath
import decimal
import fractions
import numbers
import io
import threading
import multiprocessing
import queue
import asyncio
import contextlib
import copy
import weakref
import abc
import heapq
import bisect
import array
import ast
import warnings
import inspect
import keyword
import tokenize
import token
import symtable
import traceback
import linecache
import types
import reprlib
import enum
import statistics
import hashlib
import hmac
import operator
import uuid
import getpass
import shutil
import glob
import fnmatch
import linecache
import tempfile
import os.path
import errno
import stat
import filecmp
import pprint
import gc
import locale
import platform
import struct
import binascii
import quopri
import warnings
import gettext
import dbm
import sre_compile
import sre_constants
import sre_parse
import repr
import keyword
import site
import ssl
import email
import mailcap
import mimetypes
import runpy
import pydoc
import tabnanny
import getopt
import optparse
import timeit
import doctest
import unittest
import unittest.mock
import unittest.result
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unittest.mock
import unittest.case
import unittest.loader
import unittest.main
import unittest.runner
import unittest.suite
import unittest.util
import unittest.signals
import unitt