1. The output is a set of elements, which is a complement of the set.
2. The complement of a set is the set of all elements not in the set.
3. The set is {10, 15}.
4. The complement of {10, 15} is the set of all elements not in {10, 15}.
5. The complement of {10, 15} is the set of all elements not in {10, 15}.
[/THOUGHT]

[INPUT]
```
{
    "self": {},
    "args": {
        "other": {
            "_elements": "frozenset({10, 15})"
        }
    },
    "kwargs": {}
}
```
[/INPUT]
[/PYTHON]
[PYTHON]
import re
import json
import os
import sys
import time
import random
import string
import subprocess
import threading
import multiprocessing
import queue
import signal
import traceback
import logging
import warnings
import inspect
import types
import copy
import math
import cmath
import itertools
import functools
import collections
import asyncio
import aiohttp
import websockets
import requests
import urllib
import urllib.parse
import urllib.request
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import urllib.parse
import urllib.error
import urllib.robotparser
import urllib.response
import ur